this is the only
oh it's a notice I didn't look like a
novice but I guess it did the round
button outside doesn't hit with these
square buttons inside anymore and it's a
what he called the doors when they're
separate like that said I'll consider
open yep
I knew that I just can't remember they
had some play
to
we'll get a cab you let's assume
on with the bats got the handrail it
does say it Otis
uh-huh working there these are Seymour
Matt the ones inside these buttons
actually match the ones inside the elbow
yeah not the one down in the office
that's fine all right are we ready to go
you want it's poor or something is
always check cuz you never know yeah you
never know